# Scenario sequence

This folder contains the data associated to the sequence of scenarios that we used in the experiment. The data are in:

- `SequenceScenarioMicro3.csv`: the plant and scenario associated to each day of the experiment. Some scenario x plant sets are repeated in the experiment, and some are incomplete because we switched plants during the day. The column `Ref` helps identify one reference day for each scenario and plant that is complete and free of issues.
- `SequencePlanteMicro3.csv`: the scenario sequence for each plant, with the date of the start and end of the scenario. Note that a plant can stay in the chamber for several days. This data is used to identify when a plant is in a scenario, and when it is not (plant switching, tests...).
- `scenario_id_actual.csv`: the actual scenario associated to each day of the experiment, as identified by the conditions imposed to the plants. This is different from the planned scenario sequence because those sequence are daily-based (one day = one scenario), while the actual scenario sequence is based on the conditions imposed to the plants, which can be different within a day if we e.g. switch plants (end of a scenario for one, start of a scenario for another). This data is used to identify the actual scenario associated to each observation.
- `calendar.csv`: This calendar contains the date of different events happening to the plants during the experiment, such as response curves, 3D lidar acquisition, storage or scenario.